
h2. SWFAddress is a small but powerful library that provides deep linking for Flash and Ajax.

You can find more information here: http://www.asual.com/swfaddress/

Alexandru Petrescu removed the SWFAddressEvent class and updated the SWFAddress to use signals instead. You can find it here:
http://www.kilometer0.com/blog/2010/03/02/swfaddress-as3signals-robotlegs/

h3. Update

This is just a update from 2.4 v to 2.5.

h3. Dependencies 

"as3-signals":https://github.com/robertpenner/as3-signals

h2. License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a 
copy of this software and associated documentation files 
(the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, 
including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, 
publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, 
and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, 
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included 
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS 
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. 
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY 
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, 
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.